rename echo10 to metadata (#444)
asfadmin/grfn-ingest: README.md

* **step-function:** A step function defining the workflow to ingest a single GRFN data product.
* **verify:** A Lambda function that validates the received message as well as the files and metadata in the source S3 bucket.
* **ingest:** A Lambda function that copies product files from the source S3 bucket to the output S3 buckets.

> * **metadata-construction:** A Lambda function that generates an ECHO 10 XML metadata file for a particular product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **metadata-construction:** A Lambda function that generates a CMR-compliant metadata file for a particular product.
```

* **cmr-token** A Lambda function that generates an access token for the CMR ingest API.

> * **metadata-to-cmr:** A scheduled Lambda function that submits ECHO 10 XML metadata files to CMR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **metadata-to-cmr:** A scheduled Lambda function that submits metadata files to CMR.
```
